---
title: 'Data Source - the U.S. Database'
date: 2021-07-21
---

1. [Health and Retirement Study (HRS)](https://hrsparticipants.isr.umich.edu)

For more than 20 years, the Health and Retirement Study (HRS) has been a leading source for information on the health and economic circumstances of adults over age 50 in the United States.

By asking select individuals to participate in the study and tell us about their lives, HRS paints an invaluable portrait of America's older adults. Scientists have used this information to publish over 3,500 books, articles and papers.

2. [The Panel Study of Income Dynamics (PSID)](https://psidonline.isr.umich.edu)

The Panel Study of Income Dynamics (PSID) is the longest running longitudinal household survey in the world.

The study began in 1968 with a nationally representative sample of over 18,000 individuals living in 5,000 families in the United States. Information on these individuals and their descendants has been collected continuously, including data covering employment, income, wealth, expenditures, health, marriage, childbearing, child development, philanthropy, education, and numerous other topics. The PSID is directed by faculty at the University of Michigan, and the data are available on this website without cost to researchers and analysts. 

The data are used by researchers, policy analysts, and teachers around the globe. Over 6,500 peer-reviewed publications have been based on the PSID. Recognizing the importance of the data, numerous countries have created their own PSID-like studies that now facilitate cross-national comparative research. The National Science Foundation recognized the PSID as one of the 60 most significant advances funded by NSF in its 60 year history.
