---
title: 'Data - Behavioral Survey'
date: 2021-07-21
---

1. [The General Social Survey (GSS)](https://gss.norc.org)

The General Social Survey (GSS) is a nationally representative survey of adults in the United States conducted since 1972. The GSS collects data on contemporary American society in order to monitor and explain trends in opinions, attitudes and behaviors. The GSS has adapted questions from earlier surveys, thereby allowing researchers to conduct comparisons for up to 80 years.

The GSS contains a standard core of demographic, behavioral, and attitudinal questions, plus topics of special interest. Among the topics covered are civil liberties, crime and violence, intergroup tolerance, morality, national spending priorities, psychological well-being, social mobility, and stress and traumatic events.

Altogether, the GSS is the single best source for sociological and attitudinal trend data covering the United States. It allows researchers to examine the structure and functioning of society in general, as well as the role played by relevant subgroups and to compare the United States to other nations.

The GSS aims to make high-quality data easily accessible to scholars, students, policy-makers, and others, with minimal cost and waiting.

The GSS has carried out an extensive range of methodological research designed both to advance survey methods in general and to insure that the GSS data are of the highest possible quality. In pursuit of this goal, more than 130 papers have been published in the GSS Methodological Reports series.

[中国综合社会调查 (CGSS)](http://cgss.ruc.edu.cn)

中国综合社会调查（Chinese General Social Survey，CGSS）始于2003年，是我国最早的全国性、综合性、连续性学术调查项目。CGSS系统、全面地收集社会、社区、家庭、个人多个层次的数据，总结社会变迁的趋势，探讨具有重大科学和现实意义的议题，推动国内科学研究的开放与共享，为国际比较研究提供数据资料，充当多学科的经济与社会数据采集平台。目前，CGSS数据已成为研究中国社会最主要的数据来源，广泛地应用于科研、教学、政府决策之中。

2. [The World Values Survey (WVS)](https://www.worldvaluessurvey.org/wvs.jsp)

The World Values Survey (WVS) is an international research program devoted to the scientific and academic study of social, political, economic, religious and cultural values of people in the world. The project’s goal is to assess which impact values stability or change over time has on the social, political and economic development of countries and societies. The project grew out of the European Values Study and was started in 1981 by its Founder and first President (1981-2013) Professor Ronald Inglehart from the University of Michigan (USA) and his team, and since then has been operating in more than 120 world societies. The main research instrument of the project is a representative comparative social survey which is conducted globally every 5 years. Extensive geographical and thematic scope, free availability of survey data and project findings for broad public turned the WVS into one of the most authoritative and widely-used cross-national surveys in the social sciences. At the moment, WVS is the largest non-commercial cross-national empirical time-series investigation of human beliefs and values ever executed. 
